# Presentation

Variability management is a major challenge during the development, maintenance, and evolution of software-intensive systems. An important precondition for the effective and efficient management of variability is that it must be explicitly modelled. Since its inception, the variability management community devised many breakthroughs at the foundational and application levels, allowing researchers and engineers to finely represent the configuration space of these systems and to make informed decisions on which configuration to use at a given point in time for a given context. Yet, in the continously evolving software-intensive systems landscape, new challenges arise at both levels. For example, machine learning techniques revolutionise decision making in various systems including variability-intensive ones. The DeVops paradigm can benefit from variability modelling and management when integrating features, code and tests in continuous delivery cycles. 

Therefore, VaMoS 2019 will seek to establish bridges between variability modelling communities and other fields, such as AI or DeVops. The VaMoS workshop series aims to bring together researchers from different areas dedicated to mastering variability in order to discuss advantages, drawbacks, and complementarities of various approaches, and to present new results for mastering variability throughout the life cycle of systems, system families, and (software) product lines.

# Venue

VaMoS 2019 will be held at the [Departement of Computer Science](https://wms.cs.kuleuven.be/cs/english) of the KU Leuven. Founded in 1425, KU Leuven is one of Europe's oldest universities.  With more than 50,000 students, it is also amongst the largest in Belgium. KU Leuven have been desiganted as the Europe's most innovative university by Reuters. The campus Arenberg is well connected by bus to the iconic city centre of Leuven...       
